0.What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
That word is the longest word in the english language dictionary, and therefore the upper bound on number of characters entered into the spell checker.

1.According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
getrusage is a function that gets passed an integer representing the resaurce usage statistics for the chosen process, and then stores them in the struct passed to the function.

2.Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
There are 16 members in the struct.

3.Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
The before and after are passed in by reference because they certainly could change depending on what the IDE or computer is doing at that time. Passing by reference ]
also allows the function to operate faster, rather than having to take time to copy the structures themselves on top of doing calculation.
This allows us to take an accurate representation of what time is actually needed by the computer.

4.Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
The first for loop in main tries to iterate through each character in the text given by the pointer created on line 55 (the file opened). The next if statement
checks to make sure the character is alphabetical (or an apostrophe), and that condition appends the character to the word array. The next if statement makes sure
the word is not too long, and if so, skips it entirely while preparing the array for a new word. Falling out of that loop, if the next character in the file is a digit,
the code will consume the rest of the word and initialize the array once again. Otherwise, an entire word must be found, therefore the string is capped with a NULL
symbol. The word is passed into the spellchecker, the word counter is added by 1, and if the worse returns false, the word is counted as misspelled, and the array is
initialized for a new word.

5.Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
The fgetc function allows us to check character by character if the word is actually a word, discarding the string if it doesn't fit our definition of "word". Fscanf
would require additional check to each string given by the function. Fscanf might also not return words that are words because of specific formatting errors.

6.Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
The values passed into check and load are finite, there should never be changed within one pass of each function.