1.  What’s stdint.h?
Stdint.h is a header that adds fixed-width integer types to a c program. It adds new types to help portability among different hardwares and programs,
especially in cases where the typical integer types are implementation based.

2. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
The types help define integers that have a fixed, in this case, exact, number of bytes across each program that uses the data. This prevents the datatypes from
bring changed, or defined by the implementation, and therefore allows more flexibility within the implementation across programs.

3. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
BYTE = 1. DWORD = 4. LONG = 4. WORD = 2.

4. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability)
are generally called "magic numbers."
In ASCII, BM. In Hexadecimal, 0x42 0x4d.

5. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
bfSize holds the size for the entire bitmap file, including itself. biSize only holds the size of the structure that holds the information for INFOHEADER.

6. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
If biHeight is negative, it means that the bitmap starts at the top right corner, and is formed all the way down to the bottom.

7. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
The field biBitCount defines the color depth.

8. Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?
Fopen might return NULL in line 24 because the user input the filename of a file that doesn't exist. It might return NULL in line 32 because the
filename that the user inputs could already exist, and the file could not be written.

9.Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
Each structure that fread is reading (and eventually writing) is predefined, therefore the third argument (representing the quantity of what is to be read and
copied) is only 1 as in, 1 Structure per BITMAP file.

10. What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
Line 65 will have a value of 3.

11. What does fseek do?
Fseek moves the position that the program is reading from in the file. It does so by moving ahead a defined number of positions passed as the middle argument
to the function.

12. What is SEEK_CUR?
SEEK_CUR is the third argument passed to fseek, and is defined as the current position of the file pointer.